========== PERK IDEAS ===================
Monkey Man - carry more monkey granades 
Door Man - all doors are 50% cheaper
Quick Revive - revive teammates faster
electric cherry - reloading electricutes enemies near player
Triple fighter - Carry 3 heroes at once
Heavy Smoker - cause a smoke screen around you, run faster, and be invisible when using "i need healing"
PHD Flopper - fall for a duration to explode where you land
Phase walker - once every 30 seconds become (unkillable) for 5 seconds
Bucking brawler - melee deal massive damage and knock enemies away
second chancer - apon death instantly respawn with a portion of health
time warden - say "i need healing" to slow time for 10 seconds, once every 120 seconds
space warden - say "i need healing" to teleport back 10 seconds, once every 120 seconds
streakers daiquiri - Earn killstreaks and get temporary abilities 
Bankers luck - after every round get up to 15% or lose -5% more money 
Safe investor - dont lose any perks except this one on getting downed
fairy obession - your follower shoots much more often
best friend charm - never lose your best friend when you go downed
split the bill - anyone that owns this splits the cost of any transaction
antivirus - causes all enemies to run away from the player for a duration using "i need healing"
Disco Inferno - Briefly causes zombies to uncontrollably dance, leaving them vulnerable to attack.
Pizza Party heals all teammates in the lobby for 10 seconds
Toy Soldier - Temporarily shrink yourself using "i need healing" 
Reverse Gravity - Briefly invert gravity, causing zombies to float upwards.
Banana Peel - Place a banana peel on the ground, causing zombies to slip and fall with a chance to break their back
Catapult - Launch yourself a short distance using a makeshift catapult.
Super Speed - Temporarily gain incredible speed, allowing you to outrun any zombie horde.
Megaphone Mayhem - Use a megaphone to disorient and stun zombies with a deafening blast of noise.
Bubble Shield - Surround an area in a sphere that protects anyone inside
Telekinesis - Briefly lift and throw nearby zombies using your mind.
The Jumper - Leap to new heights with 400% jump height.
The Pet Rock - Summon a giant, hammond that you can use as a weapon or hide inside.
ability addict - ability cooldowns reduced
Echolocation - Temporarily gain enhanced awareness puting icon above enemies and show healthbars and outlines
Void Rift: Teleport to a random location
ultimate power - increase ultimate duration
Soul Siphon -  Drain health from nearby enemies and store the health as an explosion once the ability is over.
Aftershock -  Briefly stun enemies upon taking damage. 60 second cooldown
Temporal Rift - Create a small temporal anomaly that briefly disrupts enemy movement and attacks within its radius.
Gravitic Pull - Briefly pull all nearby enemies towards you from anywhere on the map
Temporal Stasis - Freeze all enemies in place for a brief duration.
Momentum - Gain increased movement speed for a short duration after earning eliminations.
Speedy munk - gain increased movement speed when there are no enemies (in between rounds)
Reversal - Reflect a portion of incoming damage back to the source.
Shadow Play - Create a decoy of yourself that distracts enemies while you reposition.
Static Discharge - Briefly stun nearby enemies upon using an ability.
- use a grapple hook 3 times to navigate map faster; 120 second cooldown
